feat(flex): Adds agent app for Twilio Flex (#34)
watson-developer-cloud/assistant-web-chat-service-desk-starter: src/flex/agentApp/README.md

# Twilio Flex Watson Assistant Agent App

> This is a functioning Agent App integration between Watson Assistant and Twilio Flex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a functioning agent app integration between Watson Assistant and Twilio Flex.
```

## Overview

This integration provides agents in Twilio Flex with a transcript of the conversation between the end user and Watson Assistant. To learn more about transferring between end users and agents in Twilio Flex please see:
- [Twilio Flex Service Desk for WebChat](../webChat/)
- [Twilio Flex Service Desk for Phone](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/assistant?topic=assistant-deploy-phone-flex)

This project was built using the [Flex Plugin Builder](https://github.com/twilio/flex-plugin-builder). To learn more about developing plugins for your Twilio Flex dashboard, refer to the [getting started guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/quickstart/getting-started-plugin).

## Setting Up

Make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) as well as [`npm`](https://npmjs.com) installed. 
Additionally, install the [Flex Plugins CLI](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/developer/plugins/cli/install).

1. Clone the parent repository. 
```
git clone https://github.com/watson-developer-cloud/assistant-web-chat-service-desk-starter.git
```

2. Change directory and install dependencies
```bash
cd src/flex/agentApp
npm ci
```

## Deploy and Release Plugin

> To deploy your plugin, in the terminal run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your plugin, open a terminal and run the following command:
```

```bash
twilio flex:plugins:deploy --major --changelog "Adds the Watson Assistant Agent App" --description "Enables the service desk agent to get a quick view of the conversation history between the visitor and Watson Assistant."
```

> This command will upload the plugin to Twilio Flex, but it is not yet enabled to all the users, it will need to be released. You can release the plugin by executing this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will upload the plugin to Twilio Flex, but it is not enabled for all users until it is released. You can release the plugin by executing this command:
```

```bash
twilio flex:plugins:release --name "Plugin Release - Watson Assistant Agent App" --description "Enabling plugin Watson Assistant Agent App" --plugin plugin-watson-assistant-agent-app@latest
```
For more details on deploying your plugin, refer to the [deploying your plugin guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/flex/developer/plugins/cli/deploy-and-release).

> ## Viewing the Conversational History between an Agent and the Bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Viewing the conversational history between an agent and the assistant
```

> On the [Twilio Flex - Agent Desktop](https://flex.twilio.com/agent-desktop/). After receiving the request, the agent can then view the conversation history from their agent desktop during the call with the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the [Twilio Flex - Agent Desktop](https://flex.twilio.com/agent-desktop/). After receiving the request, the agent can then view the conversation history from the agent desktop during the call with the end user.
```
